JOE BLOGGS 
Apartment 2, Cobh, Co. Cork / Mob: 086 1234567 / E-mail: j.bloggs@yahoo.com 
 
PROFILE 
 
Professional qualified Electrical Engineer with experience in the Construction and Electronics 
sectors.  Possess excellent organisational and team-working skills.  
Career objective: to develop a career within XXX. 
 
 
EDUCATION 
 
Bachelor of Electrical Engineering  
 
 
 
 
 
1999 – 2003 
Cork Institute of Technology (1st Class Honours) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Final Year Subjects:  
 
Applied Power Electronics & Motion, Digital Signal Processing, Electrical & Electronic Power 
Systems, Telecommunications, Microwave Electronics, Control Engineering 
 
Final Year Project  
Team project which investigated X.  Researched data, gained an in-depth knowledge of 
telecommunications.  Used C++ and LINUX Operating System.  Prepared and delivered a 
presentation to the lecturer and classmates. 
 
Other Projects  
Wrote programs in C, C++ and in VHDL code for digital signal processing.  Implemented filters 
using micro converter code.  Built, tested and debugged circuits.  
 
Leaving Certificate: 500 Points including an A1 in Honours Physics 
 
1993 – 1999 
 
 
RELEVANT EMPLOYMENT 
 
Assistant Engineer – ABC Construction Contractors, Co. Galway 
 
2003 – 2004 
 Liaised with Engineers and reported to the Project Manager on all tasks. 
 Conducted demolition work which included working with dangerous chemicals such as 
asbestos. 
 Completed survey work using laser instruments.  
 Ensured health & safety procedures were adhered to and reported any breaches. 
 
Trainee Engineer – Robinson Electronic Design Services, Co. Cork 
 
2002 – 2003 
 Reported to the Senior Engineer at the weekly team meeting. 
 Assisted with the designing and building of web pages. 
 Liaised with engineering staff on all aspects of web content relevant to the industry sector.  
 Trained on Microsoft Front Page Editor for web design. 
 

OTHER EMPLOYMENT 
 
Information Assistant – Aura Gym, Fermoy 
 
 
 
 
1999 – 2002 
 Checked membership cards at the information desk. 
 Provided assistance and information to customers. 
 Collected money for aerobics and yoga classes.  
 Managed special group bookings of facilities.  
 
 
SKILLS 
 
Technical:  
Working knowledge of programming languages, C, C++. Highly 
proficient at Access, Excel, Word & PowerPoint. Knowledge of 
Matamatica and Electronics Workbench and experience of HTML, 
VHDL and assembly code.  
 
Presentation:  
 
Produce reports and presentations to a professional standard.  
 
Analysis & Evaluation:  
Proficient in assessing data and formulating solutions.  
 
Organisational:  
Effective at time management and prioritising tasks to achieve 
deadlines.  
 
Communication:  
 
Strong team working, leadership and communication skills.   
 
 
INTERESTS & ACHIEVEMENTS 
 
Travel:  
Widespread travel through Australia and Asia during 2003-2004. This 
included periods of travelling on my own.  
 
 
Sport:  
Member of Bishopstown Gym and play football and rugby regularly. 
Involved in coaching local rugby team. 
  
Music:  
 
 
Play guitar and give guitar lessons.  
 
  
Driving:  
 
Full, clean driving license.  
 
 
 
 
REFERENCES 
 
Available on request.